data/arm64_v8a_Android.md, before:

### anew
- **Description:** A tool for adding new lines to files, skipping duplicates
- **Author:** tomnomnom
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tomnomnom/anew](https://github.com/tomnomnom/anew)
- **Stars:** 1220
- **Version:** v0.1.1
- **Updated:** 2022-03-15T22:35:31Z
- **Size:** 1.48 MB
- **SHASUM:** a22d40cb1fccf69941e047a8703817557f72cf9a12ab9355f69bb60c402188cd
- **B3SUM:** 3b3cc422b7678ad6e2b2ec07a85a771efde21ab72c485e7b35abad229a9d0334
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/anew
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### btm
- **Description:** Yet another cross-platform graphical process/system monitor.
- **Author:** ClementTsang
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom)
- **Stars:** 8856
- **Version:** 0.9.6
- **Updated:** 2023-08-27T01:43:44Z
- **Size:** 3.25 MB
- **SHASUM:** ed7a169d216c00a9f0b0f6afb1c4e9864cc39c434027168440dc1f8c7cac369a
- **B3SUM:** 52dc0e8e0058bf2dbf1334e67ee6eb10f8d63f76d91af97bdc2049d4a4a59e86
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/btm
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### certstream
- **Description:**  Bug Bounties
- **Author:** Azathothas
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/Azathothas/Arsenal](https://github.com/Azathothas/Arsenal)
- **Stars:** 51
- **Version:** null
- **Updated:** 
- **Size:** 4.76 MB
- **SHASUM:** 3483041867b574b927d00c87901cbb3ccdfa727418259d4a242376892fa46ac7
- **B3SUM:** 2bdc4787d17066b35b46370d6dc02e7c5371dee10d563d2134bd11f26c0c1922
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/certstream
- **Language:** Shell
- **License:** null

---

### crt
- **Description:** A CLI tool to check Certificate Transparency logs of a domain name.
- **Author:** cemulus
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/cemulus/crt](https://github.com/cemulus/crt)
- **Stars:** 65
- **Version:** v0.1.0
- **Updated:** 2022-03-08T21:41:54Z
- **Size:** 4.85 MB
- **SHASUM:** 51eb756859cf9bb56ea96bcbb7b6a610ccd4f09f9692d8b22a57555a7508f574
- **B3SUM:** 3b42771dc6cea047d4f75caef10c99914af1cd00f46e5a794af38d872f78846c
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/crt
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** Apache License 2.0

---

### dnsx
- **Description:** dnsx is a fast and multi-purpose DNS toolkit allow to run multiple DNS queries of your choice with a list of user-supplied resolvers.
- **Author:** projectdiscovery
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/projectdiscovery/dnsx](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/dnsx)
- **Stars:** 1984
- **Version:** v1.2.1
- **Updated:** 2024-03-04T08:26:22Z
- **Size:** 26.19 MB
- **SHASUM:** d509d9842aadbc66dee69607e74ae88a51c48ffaff0030be10c06a1bc2c596e2
- **B3SUM:** 9c109364df219ee3aa7f1c03ff14dfd93eac739c8b81069657593bbfed39c880
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/dnsx
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### eget
- **Description:** Easily install prebuilt binaries from GitHub.
- **Author:** zyedidia
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/zyedidia/eget](https://github.com/zyedidia/eget)
- **Stars:** 746
- **Version:** v1.3.3
- **Updated:** 2023-02-22T05:15:46Z
- **Size:** 6.8 MB
- **SHASUM:** 7f05210ac4792ba8cbdcecdcceedbcc768c2b76d5e575327d6b924399a401699
- **B3SUM:** fa11c59fc84917894100d9fd187867343608acf53695c6fc69ba610d12c4ae91
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/eget
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### encode
- **Description:** Script to read input from stdin and encode it
- **Author:** Brum3ns
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/Brum3ns/encode](https://github.com/Brum3ns/encode)
- **Stars:** 17
- **Version:** null
- **Updated:** 
- **Size:** 2.61 MB
- **SHASUM:** 9890ed89b930ea6ff34a77cba2945c07a80ca4393bc9aa1a4ecd8204253bc6a1
- **B3SUM:** 9db979f0968afa7fea6724e563cb67f9282483044fd82219f92b6cfb7dbd0187
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/encode
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### ffuf
- **Description:** Fast web fuzzer written in Go
- **Author:** ffuf
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/ffuf/ffuf](https://github.com/ffuf/ffuf)
- **Stars:** 11410
- **Version:** v2.1.0
- **Updated:** 2023-09-16T12:23:19Z
- **Size:** 8.58 MB
- **SHASUM:** c128bb9682ee3ec77ab2d1f52b4021f9da43d3d348737b0e1721f4eb017a7900
- **B3SUM:** 42a510f3f15990a6f28349b5273d3a50dc3aafc4c853661fb24289706e092941
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/ffuf
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### filebrowser
- **Description:** 📂 Web File Browser
- **Author:** filebrowser
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/filebrowser/filebrowser](https://github.com/filebrowser/filebrowser)
- **Stars:** 23671
- **Version:** v2.28.0
- **Updated:** 2024-04-01T14:30:24Z
- **Size:** 13.94 MB
- **SHASUM:** f542a2425908eb9832c6ee957c46fbdc40f4ded086cba8548ae17c614dddd7f8
- **B3SUM:** 8072441164bb1ed3ef910693eea0add349e8723f8b8910b5e4d0ff0e5e84eaa5
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/filebrowser
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** Apache License 2.0

---

### godns
- **Description:**  DreamHost, etc, written in Go.
- **Author:** TimothyYe
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/TimothyYe/godns](https://github.com/TimothyYe/godns)
- **Stars:** 1432
- **Version:** v3.1.5
- **Updated:** 2024-02-28T15:38:07Z
- **Size:** 12.38 MB
- **SHASUM:** 8fada4617c3e1cc9389e6aeb5376a29846718ac68b5702082c113684142c821e
- **B3SUM:** ec8f29e44a31043e9c086f963323ea144b8113114b26ae435dac4a886029baf6
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/godns
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** Apache License 2.0

---

### gowitness
- **Description:** 🔍 gowitness - a golang, web screenshot utility using Chrome Headless
- **Author:** sensepost
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/sensepost/gowitness](https://github.com/sensepost/gowitness)
- **Stars:** 2694
- **Version:** 2.5.1
- **Updated:** 2023-10-29T11:11:30Z
- **Size:** 27.22 MB
- **SHASUM:** 010020ab55d860b4b77db8cbed36ddf4155b2944cfe39d48be85534f318a7a2d
- **B3SUM:** e25ddb46081c4b78c75e2767c9b1abd8693f1ed108be49a156437086657df209
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/gowitness
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** GNU General Public License v3.0

---

### httpx
- **Description:** httpx is a fast and multi-purpose HTTP toolkit that allows running multiple probes using the retryablehttp library.
- **Author:** projectdiscovery
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/projectdiscovery/httpx](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/httpx)
- **Stars:** 6810
- **Version:** v1.6.0
- **Updated:** 2024-03-06T19:33:45Z
- **Size:** 42.14 MB
- **SHASUM:** 879d336d3cae235efab2a0d678d70bb0fa662bb4075b49e0924089d4dafd6c73
- **B3SUM:** 6314f8359f10ed6e57a9338f563b965e6dfcd7c54760e9d6081c7a1aadb14a9b
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/httpx
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### hxn
- **Description:** ⚡ Blazing-fast tool to grab screenshots of your domain list right from terminal.
- **Author:** pwnwriter
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/pwnwriter/haylxon](https://github.com/pwnwriter/haylxon)
- **Stars:** 368
- **Version:** v0.1.10
- **Updated:** 2024-01-09T15:11:15Z
- **Size:** 6.23 MB
- **SHASUM:** 15f618f43cbb860db336c28f86f3e6f20518113830e1eab7f1611c48f63b2a94
- **B3SUM:** e639765fe79480fd4eea64406d5c694a2a8d2ae802214f00d62850483a934893
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/hxn
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### hysp
- **Description:** 📦 An independent package manager that every hacker deserves.
- **Author:** pwnwriter
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/pwnwriter/hysp](https://github.com/pwnwriter/hysp)
- **Stars:** 413
- **Version:** v0.1.2
- **Updated:** 2023-12-13T15:03:18Z
- **Size:** 3.4 MB
- **SHASUM:** 5e92b03df3fd5b9a5f31d0628fcc6aa4dd9df744df89fb77cee5b25e7a417904
- **B3SUM:** 96cf92873ebbd6a65835b87a115d69ba26421c690c80df2673a14f68e73ace96
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/hysp
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### inscope
- **Description:** A collection of hacks and one-off scripts
- **Author:** tomnomnom
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tomnomnom/hacks](https://github.com/tomnomnom/hacks)
- **Stars:** 2050
- **Version:** null
- **Updated:** 
- **Size:** 1.87 MB
- **SHASUM:** 5e90483b719d254ce789f990cf389ed00ac59ac17164f8e90935f1e81544adee
- **B3SUM:** c6aa957f89fb0145064726dc9d2f46cd2dcf438fcdbc68a13e3012f021064466
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/inscope
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** null

---

### jless
- **Description:** jless is a command-line JSON viewer designed for reading, exploring, and searching through JSON data.
- **Author:** PaulJuliusMartinez
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/PaulJuliusMartinez/jless](https://github.com/PaulJuliusMartinez/jless)
- **Stars:** 4486
- **Version:** v0.9.0
- **Updated:** 2023-07-17T02:51:34Z
- **Size:** 1.83 MB
- **SHASUM:** f95b2c666fcc770a829cc241b7ad2631bc41258d8afd9a9a0f5115635279098a
- **B3SUM:** e54b6f5027f01876c0d6cff993c6e75a0be33eec0242601e2b969536ee99a627
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/jless
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### kanha
- **Description:** 🦚 A web-app pentesting suite written in rust .
- **Author:** pwnwriter
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/pwnwriter/kanha](https://github.com/pwnwriter/kanha)
- **Stars:** 247
- **Version:** v-v0.1.2
- **Updated:** 2023-10-17T16:42:52Z
- **Size:** 2.91 MB
- **SHASUM:** e98b78edc697919a405311f1b4b317ffe0b6a6917eca32effa3c998529e29e4f
- **B3SUM:** 16f9c9f6e31758be0255755f8066c843702e7c8a92383919b8760a116bfb5aff
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/kanha
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### mapcidr
- **Description:** Utility program to perform multiple operations for a given subnet/CIDR ranges.
- **Author:** projectdiscovery
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/projectdiscovery/mapcidr](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/mapcidr)
- **Stars:** 931
- **Version:** v1.1.34
- **Updated:** 2024-04-02T08:35:07Z
- **Size:** 23.4 MB
- **SHASUM:** ad4159ecb5bdf41929ae380266beae9092392387919baa4ff53dd47ebecab0c4
- **B3SUM:** 4e9d319fc840b92e475eccc5ea3c06ba6c3ed131e4bb4cae7294280f85aa3a63
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/mapcidr
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### pspy
- **Description:** Monitor linux processes without root permissions
- **Author:** DominicBreuker
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/DominicBreuker/pspy](https://github.com/DominicBreuker/pspy)
- **Stars:** 4539
- **Version:** v1.2.1
- **Updated:** 2023-01-17T21:10:08Z
- **Size:** 3.65 MB
- **SHASUM:** 5ff6329de00d7ac09a5e7be27c456ff0a5ffa0fd0e467c5c433943e5f8639586
- **B3SUM:** f40145c7ad067ae4ba7ae779c52c5c38c9ad93dbcc02d300de48b48add277194
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/pspy
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** GNU General Public License v3.0

---

### scopegen
- **Description:**  Bug Bounties
- **Author:** Azathothas
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/Azathothas/Arsenal](https://github.com/Azathothas/Arsenal)
- **Stars:** 51
- **Version:** null
- **Updated:** 
- **Size:** 1.61 MB
- **SHASUM:** 4af6ce9f2f7408708932fa74d200b1c963a779875c7fbceda3f83af942cc30eb
- **B3SUM:** af76ac733fc2ea62ef267bddda89b39471209c36c6bfc2066e682de64723235a
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/scopegen
- **Language:** Shell
- **License:** null

---

### static-web-server
- **Description:** A cross-platform, high-performance and asynchronous web server for static files-serving. ⚡
- **Author:** static-web-server
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/static-web-server/static-web-server](https://github.com/static-web-server/static-web-server)
- **Stars:** 1174
- **Version:** v2.28.0
- **Updated:** 2024-03-08T23:46:33Z
- **Size:** 6.8 MB
- **SHASUM:** c2f88a85c97bf9547466106633feee4c79378ee18624311b72798b235fff1237
- **B3SUM:** 10d6227ab1882bec3a376aaf5f63437a85ab1c915b5cfda7a7c55579ba8e6149
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/static-web-server
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** Apache License 2.0

---

### tailscale
- **Description:** The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA.
- **Author:** tailscale
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale)
- **Stars:** 16495
- **Version:** v1.64.2
- **Updated:** 2024-04-17T17:45:27Z
- **Size:** 10.92 MB
- **SHASUM:** b4436d601a0a777d905590fcaf4eb55f45eb63a76e8459c513b0fa1d887b2a16
- **B3SUM:** ef80806ae45dd0d4f2bec4c59b202a4c9bd33e5c792b240a1a238c5e4364e1f1
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/tailscale
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** BSD 3-Clause New or Revised License

---

### tailscale_dynamic_native
- **Description:** The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA.
- **Author:** tailscale
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale)
- **Stars:** 16495
- **Version:** v1.64.2
- **Updated:** 2024-04-17T17:45:27Z
- **Size:** 11.28 MB
- **SHASUM:** cce444027b42149ff524039c3ab7fd1c40b2ad0077b1d97568ab7ba58a66e83b
- **B3SUM:** 214f05816f949e5e555ac7f03b121bb1b94d0fab34861ba374b141b3bde4a3ad
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/tailscale_dynamic_native
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** BSD 3-Clause New or Revised License

---

### tailscaled
- **Description:** The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA.
- **Author:** tailscale
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale)
- **Stars:** 16495
- **Version:** v1.64.2
- **Updated:** 2024-04-17T17:45:27Z
- **Size:** 20.48 MB
- **SHASUM:** 5504897030b405888ef389c97a4079d2b3fa869f6ed97132d62c5229a6f126f9
- **B3SUM:** 08d5aab8a7e544017f5581a5850eb34c6286fc6eba67f60382ea5b70fc261afc
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/tailscaled
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** BSD 3-Clause New or Revised License

---

### tailscaled_dynamic_native
- **Description:** The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA.
- **Author:** tailscale
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale)
- **Stars:** 16495
- **Version:** v1.64.2
- **Updated:** 2024-04-17T17:45:27Z
- **Size:** 21.67 MB
- **SHASUM:** 8a046ad1985824e55fbec58a4e01bf02e2eb91e8cfd38ab78a8cafcd65704fd5
- **B3SUM:** c5658e0cfdd86e33e1db225f3e8f4bafe47dddae1221ae2246e2e035a60bdc40
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/tailscaled_dynamic_native
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** BSD 3-Clause New or Revised License

---

Commit message:

✅ 🛍️ (arm64-v8a Android) Generated | Updated ⚙️ Daily Package 📦 Metadata 🗄️ <-- 2024-04-24 (07:03:42 PM) ⌚

data/arm64_v8a_Android.md, after:

### anew
- **Description:** A tool for adding new lines to files, skipping duplicates
- **Author:** tomnomnom
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tomnomnom/anew](https://github.com/tomnomnom/anew)
- **Stars:** 1220
- **Version:** v0.1.1
- **Updated:** 2022-03-15T22:35:31Z
- **Size:** 1.48 MB
- **SHASUM:** a22d40cb1fccf69941e047a8703817557f72cf9a12ab9355f69bb60c402188cd
- **B3SUM:** 3b3cc422b7678ad6e2b2ec07a85a771efde21ab72c485e7b35abad229a9d0334
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/anew
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### btm
- **Description:** Yet another cross-platform graphical process/system monitor.
- **Author:** ClementTsang
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom](https://github.com/ClementTsang/bottom)
- **Stars:** 8857
- **Version:** 0.9.6
- **Updated:** 2023-08-27T01:43:44Z
- **Size:** 3.25 MB
- **SHASUM:** ed7a169d216c00a9f0b0f6afb1c4e9864cc39c434027168440dc1f8c7cac369a
- **B3SUM:** 52dc0e8e0058bf2dbf1334e67ee6eb10f8d63f76d91af97bdc2049d4a4a59e86
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/btm
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### certstream
- **Description:**  Bug Bounties
- **Author:** Azathothas
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/Azathothas/Arsenal](https://github.com/Azathothas/Arsenal)
- **Stars:** 51
- **Version:** null
- **Updated:** 
- **Size:** 4.76 MB
- **SHASUM:** 3483041867b574b927d00c87901cbb3ccdfa727418259d4a242376892fa46ac7
- **B3SUM:** 2bdc4787d17066b35b46370d6dc02e7c5371dee10d563d2134bd11f26c0c1922
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/certstream
- **Language:** Shell
- **License:** null

---

### crt
- **Description:** A CLI tool to check Certificate Transparency logs of a domain name.
- **Author:** cemulus
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/cemulus/crt](https://github.com/cemulus/crt)
- **Stars:** 65
- **Version:** v0.1.0
- **Updated:** 2022-03-08T21:41:54Z
- **Size:** 4.85 MB
- **SHASUM:** 51eb756859cf9bb56ea96bcbb7b6a610ccd4f09f9692d8b22a57555a7508f574
- **B3SUM:** 3b42771dc6cea047d4f75caef10c99914af1cd00f46e5a794af38d872f78846c
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/crt
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** Apache License 2.0

---

### dnsx
- **Description:** dnsx is a fast and multi-purpose DNS toolkit allow to run multiple DNS queries of your choice with a list of user-supplied resolvers.
- **Author:** projectdiscovery
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/projectdiscovery/dnsx](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/dnsx)
- **Stars:** 1984
- **Version:** v1.2.1
- **Updated:** 2024-03-04T08:26:22Z
- **Size:** 26.19 MB
- **SHASUM:** d509d9842aadbc66dee69607e74ae88a51c48ffaff0030be10c06a1bc2c596e2
- **B3SUM:** 9c109364df219ee3aa7f1c03ff14dfd93eac739c8b81069657593bbfed39c880
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/dnsx
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### eget
- **Description:** Easily install prebuilt binaries from GitHub.
- **Author:** zyedidia
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/zyedidia/eget](https://github.com/zyedidia/eget)
- **Stars:** 746
- **Version:** v1.3.3
- **Updated:** 2023-02-22T05:15:46Z
- **Size:** 6.8 MB
- **SHASUM:** 7f05210ac4792ba8cbdcecdcceedbcc768c2b76d5e575327d6b924399a401699
- **B3SUM:** fa11c59fc84917894100d9fd187867343608acf53695c6fc69ba610d12c4ae91
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/eget
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### encode
- **Description:** Script to read input from stdin and encode it
- **Author:** Brum3ns
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/Brum3ns/encode](https://github.com/Brum3ns/encode)
- **Stars:** 17
- **Version:** null
- **Updated:** 
- **Size:** 2.61 MB
- **SHASUM:** 9890ed89b930ea6ff34a77cba2945c07a80ca4393bc9aa1a4ecd8204253bc6a1
- **B3SUM:** 9db979f0968afa7fea6724e563cb67f9282483044fd82219f92b6cfb7dbd0187
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/encode
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### ffuf
- **Description:** Fast web fuzzer written in Go
- **Author:** ffuf
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/ffuf/ffuf](https://github.com/ffuf/ffuf)
- **Stars:** 11410
- **Version:** v2.1.0
- **Updated:** 2023-09-16T12:23:19Z
- **Size:** 8.58 MB
- **SHASUM:** c128bb9682ee3ec77ab2d1f52b4021f9da43d3d348737b0e1721f4eb017a7900
- **B3SUM:** 42a510f3f15990a6f28349b5273d3a50dc3aafc4c853661fb24289706e092941
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/ffuf
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### filebrowser
- **Description:** 📂 Web File Browser
- **Author:** filebrowser
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/filebrowser/filebrowser](https://github.com/filebrowser/filebrowser)
- **Stars:** 23671
- **Version:** v2.28.0
- **Updated:** 2024-04-01T14:30:24Z
- **Size:** 13.94 MB
- **SHASUM:** f542a2425908eb9832c6ee957c46fbdc40f4ded086cba8548ae17c614dddd7f8
- **B3SUM:** 8072441164bb1ed3ef910693eea0add349e8723f8b8910b5e4d0ff0e5e84eaa5
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/filebrowser
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** Apache License 2.0

---

### godns
- **Description:**  DreamHost, etc, written in Go.
- **Author:** TimothyYe
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/TimothyYe/godns](https://github.com/TimothyYe/godns)
- **Stars:** 1432
- **Version:** v3.1.5
- **Updated:** 2024-02-28T15:38:07Z
- **Size:** 12.38 MB
- **SHASUM:** 8fada4617c3e1cc9389e6aeb5376a29846718ac68b5702082c113684142c821e
- **B3SUM:** ec8f29e44a31043e9c086f963323ea144b8113114b26ae435dac4a886029baf6
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/godns
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** Apache License 2.0

---

### gowitness
- **Description:** 🔍 gowitness - a golang, web screenshot utility using Chrome Headless
- **Author:** sensepost
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/sensepost/gowitness](https://github.com/sensepost/gowitness)
- **Stars:** 2694
- **Version:** 2.5.1
- **Updated:** 2023-10-29T11:11:30Z
- **Size:** 27.22 MB
- **SHASUM:** 010020ab55d860b4b77db8cbed36ddf4155b2944cfe39d48be85534f318a7a2d
- **B3SUM:** e25ddb46081c4b78c75e2767c9b1abd8693f1ed108be49a156437086657df209
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/gowitness
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** GNU General Public License v3.0

---

### httpx
- **Description:** httpx is a fast and multi-purpose HTTP toolkit that allows running multiple probes using the retryablehttp library.
- **Author:** projectdiscovery
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/projectdiscovery/httpx](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/httpx)
- **Stars:** 6810
- **Version:** v1.6.0
- **Updated:** 2024-03-06T19:33:45Z
- **Size:** 42.14 MB
- **SHASUM:** 879d336d3cae235efab2a0d678d70bb0fa662bb4075b49e0924089d4dafd6c73
- **B3SUM:** 6314f8359f10ed6e57a9338f563b965e6dfcd7c54760e9d6081c7a1aadb14a9b
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/httpx
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### hxn
- **Description:** ⚡ Blazing-fast tool to grab screenshots of your domain list right from terminal.
- **Author:** pwnwriter
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/pwnwriter/haylxon](https://github.com/pwnwriter/haylxon)
- **Stars:** 368
- **Version:** v0.1.10
- **Updated:** 2024-01-09T15:11:15Z
- **Size:** 6.23 MB
- **SHASUM:** 15f618f43cbb860db336c28f86f3e6f20518113830e1eab7f1611c48f63b2a94
- **B3SUM:** e639765fe79480fd4eea64406d5c694a2a8d2ae802214f00d62850483a934893
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/hxn
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### hysp
- **Description:** 📦 An independent package manager that every hacker deserves.
- **Author:** pwnwriter
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/pwnwriter/hysp](https://github.com/pwnwriter/hysp)
- **Stars:** 413
- **Version:** v0.1.2
- **Updated:** 2023-12-13T15:03:18Z
- **Size:** 3.4 MB
- **SHASUM:** 5e92b03df3fd5b9a5f31d0628fcc6aa4dd9df744df89fb77cee5b25e7a417904
- **B3SUM:** 96cf92873ebbd6a65835b87a115d69ba26421c690c80df2673a14f68e73ace96
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/hysp
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### inscope
- **Description:** A collection of hacks and one-off scripts
- **Author:** tomnomnom
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tomnomnom/hacks](https://github.com/tomnomnom/hacks)
- **Stars:** 2050
- **Version:** null
- **Updated:** 
- **Size:** 1.87 MB
- **SHASUM:** 5e90483b719d254ce789f990cf389ed00ac59ac17164f8e90935f1e81544adee
- **B3SUM:** c6aa957f89fb0145064726dc9d2f46cd2dcf438fcdbc68a13e3012f021064466
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/inscope
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** null

---

### jless
- **Description:** jless is a command-line JSON viewer designed for reading, exploring, and searching through JSON data.
- **Author:** PaulJuliusMartinez
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/PaulJuliusMartinez/jless](https://github.com/PaulJuliusMartinez/jless)
- **Stars:** 4486
- **Version:** v0.9.0
- **Updated:** 2023-07-17T02:51:34Z
- **Size:** 1.83 MB
- **SHASUM:** f95b2c666fcc770a829cc241b7ad2631bc41258d8afd9a9a0f5115635279098a
- **B3SUM:** e54b6f5027f01876c0d6cff993c6e75a0be33eec0242601e2b969536ee99a627
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/jless
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### kanha
- **Description:** 🦚 A web-app pentesting suite written in rust .
- **Author:** pwnwriter
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/pwnwriter/kanha](https://github.com/pwnwriter/kanha)
- **Stars:** 247
- **Version:** v-v0.1.2
- **Updated:** 2023-10-17T16:42:52Z
- **Size:** 2.91 MB
- **SHASUM:** e98b78edc697919a405311f1b4b317ffe0b6a6917eca32effa3c998529e29e4f
- **B3SUM:** 16f9c9f6e31758be0255755f8066c843702e7c8a92383919b8760a116bfb5aff
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/kanha
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** MIT License

---

### mapcidr
- **Description:** Utility program to perform multiple operations for a given subnet/CIDR ranges.
- **Author:** projectdiscovery
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/projectdiscovery/mapcidr](https://github.com/projectdiscovery/mapcidr)
- **Stars:** 931
- **Version:** v1.1.34
- **Updated:** 2024-04-02T08:35:07Z
- **Size:** 23.4 MB
- **SHASUM:** ad4159ecb5bdf41929ae380266beae9092392387919baa4ff53dd47ebecab0c4
- **B3SUM:** 4e9d319fc840b92e475eccc5ea3c06ba6c3ed131e4bb4cae7294280f85aa3a63
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/mapcidr
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** MIT License

---

### pspy
- **Description:** Monitor linux processes without root permissions
- **Author:** DominicBreuker
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/DominicBreuker/pspy](https://github.com/DominicBreuker/pspy)
- **Stars:** 4539
- **Version:** v1.2.1
- **Updated:** 2023-01-17T21:10:08Z
- **Size:** 3.65 MB
- **SHASUM:** 5ff6329de00d7ac09a5e7be27c456ff0a5ffa0fd0e467c5c433943e5f8639586
- **B3SUM:** f40145c7ad067ae4ba7ae779c52c5c38c9ad93dbcc02d300de48b48add277194
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/pspy
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** GNU General Public License v3.0

---

### scopegen
- **Description:**  Bug Bounties
- **Author:** Azathothas
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/Azathothas/Arsenal](https://github.com/Azathothas/Arsenal)
- **Stars:** 51
- **Version:** null
- **Updated:** 
- **Size:** 1.61 MB
- **SHASUM:** 4af6ce9f2f7408708932fa74d200b1c963a779875c7fbceda3f83af942cc30eb
- **B3SUM:** af76ac733fc2ea62ef267bddda89b39471209c36c6bfc2066e682de64723235a
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/scopegen
- **Language:** Shell
- **License:** null

---

### static-web-server
- **Description:** A cross-platform, high-performance and asynchronous web server for static files-serving. ⚡
- **Author:** static-web-server
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/static-web-server/static-web-server](https://github.com/static-web-server/static-web-server)
- **Stars:** 1174
- **Version:** v2.28.0
- **Updated:** 2024-03-08T23:46:33Z
- **Size:** 6.8 MB
- **SHASUM:** c2f88a85c97bf9547466106633feee4c79378ee18624311b72798b235fff1237
- **B3SUM:** 10d6227ab1882bec3a376aaf5f63437a85ab1c915b5cfda7a7c55579ba8e6149
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/static-web-server
- **Language:** Rust
- **License:** Apache License 2.0

---

### sudo
- **Description:** A wrapper script to drop to the supported shells or execute shell script files or their text passed as an argument with superuser (root) context in termux
- **Author:** agnostic-apollo
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/agnostic-apollo/sudo](https://github.com/agnostic-apollo/sudo)
- **Stars:** 73
- **Version:** v0.2.0
- **Updated:** 2021-04-10T21:03:11Z
- **Size:** 250.38 kB
- **SHASUM:** 9e56787b3ca489a9eb9e3a64f54944aa92c728d18576972ef7ef6bb10ca6462c
- **B3SUM:** 261a7ec6cf5ed2fbc82f8128f2583eda7faeb8939b9e08143046f0b046e504ae
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/sudo
- **Language:** Shell
- **License:** MIT License

---

### tailscale
- **Description:** The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA.
- **Author:** tailscale
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale)
- **Stars:** 16495
- **Version:** v1.64.2
- **Updated:** 2024-04-17T17:45:27Z
- **Size:** 10.92 MB
- **SHASUM:** b4436d601a0a777d905590fcaf4eb55f45eb63a76e8459c513b0fa1d887b2a16
- **B3SUM:** ef80806ae45dd0d4f2bec4c59b202a4c9bd33e5c792b240a1a238c5e4364e1f1
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/tailscale
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** BSD 3-Clause New or Revised License

---

### tailscale_dynamic_native
- **Description:** The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA.
- **Author:** tailscale
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale)
- **Stars:** 16495
- **Version:** v1.64.2
- **Updated:** 2024-04-17T17:45:27Z
- **Size:** 11.28 MB
- **SHASUM:** cce444027b42149ff524039c3ab7fd1c40b2ad0077b1d97568ab7ba58a66e83b
- **B3SUM:** 214f05816f949e5e555ac7f03b121bb1b94d0fab34861ba374b141b3bde4a3ad
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/tailscale_dynamic_native
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** BSD 3-Clause New or Revised License

---

### tailscaled
- **Description:** The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA.
- **Author:** tailscale
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale)
- **Stars:** 16495
- **Version:** v1.64.2
- **Updated:** 2024-04-17T17:45:27Z
- **Size:** 20.48 MB
- **SHASUM:** 5504897030b405888ef389c97a4079d2b3fa869f6ed97132d62c5229a6f126f9
- **B3SUM:** 08d5aab8a7e544017f5581a5850eb34c6286fc6eba67f60382ea5b70fc261afc
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/tailscaled
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** BSD 3-Clause New or Revised License

---

### tailscaled_dynamic_native
- **Description:** The easiest, most secure way to use WireGuard and 2FA.
- **Author:** tailscale
- **Repository:** [https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale](https://github.com/tailscale/tailscale)
- **Stars:** 16495
- **Version:** v1.64.2
- **Updated:** 2024-04-17T17:45:27Z
- **Size:** 21.67 MB
- **SHASUM:** 8a046ad1985824e55fbec58a4e01bf02e2eb91e8cfd38ab78a8cafcd65704fd5
- **B3SUM:** c5658e0cfdd86e33e1db225f3e8f4bafe47dddae1221ae2246e2e035a60bdc40
- **Source:** https://bin.ajam.dev/arm64_v8a_Android/tailscaled_dynamic_native
- **Language:** Go
- **License:** BSD 3-Clause New or Revised License

---
